applyMasks                 Apply water, urban and cerrado area masks into sits classifications
buildCerradoMask           Generate a tif file with Cerrado mask (0 = not cerrado, 1 = cerrado)
buildComparableHansen     Generate a comparable Hansen 2000 data for Cerrado
buildComparableLapig       Generate a comparable Lapig 2015 data for Cerrado
buildComparableProdesMask  Generate a comparable Prodes Mask 2015 data for Cerrado
buildComparableTerraClass  Generate a comparable TerraClass 2013 data for Cerrado
buildUrbanMask             Generate a urban mask for Cerrado
buildWaterMask             Generate a water mask for Cerrado
diffProdesMask             Generate a csv with the differences between sits and Prodes Mask
diffLapig                  Generate a csv with the differences between sits and Lapig
diffTerraClass             Generate a csv with the differences between sits and Terra Class Cerrado
mapLapig                   Generate a map with the differences between sits and Lapig
mapProdesMask              Generate a map with the differences between sits and Prodes Mask
mapTerraClass              Generate a map with the differences between sits and TerraClass
mergeClassifications       Merge all sits classification bricks into one single file per year
mergeProbClassifications   Merge all sits probanility bricks into one single file per year
postProcessingPasture      Apply a temporal mask into pasture class P->*->P to P->P->P
summarizeByMunicipalities  Summarize the classification output using Brazilian municipalities
summarizeByStates          Summarize the classification output using Brazilian states
summarizeBySimU            Summarize the classification output using Simulation Units
summarizeTotal             Summarize the classifications by year
